Add a `pythonpath` setting to allow paths to be added to `sys.path`. (#9134)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/9114.feature.rst

> Added :ref:`pythonpath` setting that adds listed paths to `sys.path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :ref:`pythonpath` setting that adds listed paths to `sys.path` for the duration of the test session.
```

Also WDYT about adding a note for existing pytest-pythonpath and pytest-srcpaths users? e.g.

> If you currently use the pytest-pythonpath or pytest-srcpaths plugins, you should be able to replace them with built-in `pythonpath` setting.

Author: I like it.

> Added :ref:`pythonpath` setting that adds listed paths to `sys.path` for the duration of the test session. If you currently use the pytest-pythonpath or pytest-srcpaths plugins, you should be able to replace them with built-in `pythonpath` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :confval:`pythonpath` setting that adds listed paths to :data:`sys.path` for the duration of the test session. If you currently use the pytest-pythonpath or pytest-srcpaths plugins, you should be able to replace them with built-in `pythonpath` setting.
```
